after we connected
cable
interface cable
and someone just mudis buying the same
way hooked whose children did not bring
we need to move
connect power to these devices and
system board
and about sit drive
why would I not separately
consider because it connects to
just like a hard drive
that is, and if sapato is just cable
connect his porch walls page 1 who
watching telematics and plugging hard
the disc does not give
either it is at 1 km
hard drive to another drive cable
so we do not go to the power connection
everyone immediately understand that cues
love so much
and start from this biggest
cable it should be
connected
google corporation
on the motherboard
this time im
this case it is located here on
gasoline
This cable has this snap
then latch
which allows
extract interviews and infected
you need to look at your Russians
on the motherboard
which side
located
made latches
let's say
side marks yes
and fast
here there is even if I foresee
all the same it will not be therefore
you will have in each case
watch what country do you have
on exploration and made for payment
due to
it is on one side and
massacred
but he is a commodity country
so the latch
I will have
on the first page and in this way
just take not connect
Here I put the connector in it to give no
we press
the click happened to turn out that at the expense of
worked when now
you can't just get it
entrenched
that is, everything is fine
so now
we only need to connect
but neither hard drive
philip dick drive
regards to hard drives here again
there are 2 power supplies
type of connectors
that is, here is a classic connector
give unwrapped
food it is also used in disks
Tagy standard yes do not sit shelters
people that is to say
such a wide cabinet
if you use sugar
you will need to take advantage of this
black thin
In this case, I would use such
cable
there is
she is needed
to establish
its correct
See if we look at it.
cable at court
it can be seen that alone
countries yes he was killed cut off
that's the year
a loan
for the country they are
direct this case for a long time target
indirect explanations
cut off
so here it is
a kind of pledge or access key 1
not put the opposite of their employment is not
burned out
but
Yet there are times when the cable
connect the opposite
that is, as we all know, they sawn
therefore do not help
in our case
need to watch g
Well, of course if you immediately see confused
cut corners on the run
food in Russian drives yes it leaves
compare with this money
power cable is excellent law
so if you
put it like that wrong yes he
It seems immediately like yes yes he does not go
I insert the connector
so give me
strength
and flip it just yes and
try it should go easy
and after he went already you can on
him
need to see him go to the end
all the same
Biysku Patrushev
also connect the power supply
so our arctic sentence
food why so
so go ahead
so here are the rights to which I am here
I have on Putin yes now we are with them
do nothing
we will distribute them later
just like that now just let them
lie here
and now our task and connect
nutrition
another power pay system
CPU power
This is how it looks
this cable
Here is a 4 contact yes
for 8 contacts
it all depends on the model
your and motherboard
you need to look
on the connector
which is located
about processors
in this case
here it is this time on my system
boards that is this food of the year
CPU
if you have a motherboard
As in this case, 4 contacts means you need
use this yes that is where 4
contacts if you have 8 contacts there
use this
but since in my case 4 contacts
Doll
uses we will this one
here the percentage started by yes here for sure
just like three months
in this big cable for power
motherboards that is on the one hand
connector available for at the expense of
but here everything will be more or less visible
here he is
this exhibition
latch brawl
so sure to go your own way
latch in that direction where there will be a blow that is
if we have a ledge in this country, then
the latch should be aimed at this
the side
very easy to insert
so we will deliver
and the image of mm length pressure darling
all about what happened how to be
connected
everything on this connection
food with us
it is over now left
only the final stage of assembly